# Reading Response

This world is dying and nobody cares until it suddenly starts raining acid across the world. To the few people who do want to live on planet earth we have alternatives thanks to technology. Some fine folks at Arizona University made a solar oven that runs off of the environment's natural heat and solar energy to cook on it. People are going to be using this as an alternative to burning fuel at a regular oven so we don't have to breathe in any of those chemicals or let it loose into the open air.

I play a lot of video games. Most of which can recognize that a program that manipulates key presses is running along side the game. This is upsetting to me because now I can't have a pre-programmed click and key patter run for me while I do other things. Thankfully a guy named Neil MacAloney made me an alternative. The phantom kitty is a mechanical device that enters inputs into your physical keyboard. You can pre-program key strokes and then come back to whatever it was you were not doing. Originally used to input misinformation into internet surveillance, it is a tool that can "hack" systems that won't let you run a bot that does the same thing.

You know when a recorded message self destructs after it's done playing? Neither do I but we just might get our chance. Matthew Klapman recognizes that destroying devices with personal information is important in the internet age. But when a device breaks people assume that it's safe to throw away. But personal data is still rolling around in there. Now with the Integrated Entropic Sanitization you don't have to worry about that anymore. A smaller device attached to your device will destroy the hard drive meaning that all you personal data remains personal. Additionally if you're a secret agent the pop isn't that loud, but if you were hoping to use it as a grenade sorry but that's not a thing you can do with it.